doc/cephadm: Add troubleshooting guidance for ssh connection failures. [cephadm] (#34612)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephadm/troubleshooting.rst

Cephadm writes small wrappers that run a containers. Refer to
``/var/lib/ceph/<cluster-fsid>/<service-name>/unit.run`` for the
container execution command.

ssh errors
----------

Error message::

  xxxxxx.gateway_bootstrap.HostNotFound: -F /tmp/cephadm-conf-kbqvkrkw root@10.10.1.2
  raise OrchestratorError('Failed to connect to %s (%s).  Check that the host is reachable and accepts  connections using the cephadm SSH key' % (host, addr)) from
  orchestrator._interface.OrchestratorError: Failed to connect to 10.10.1.2 (10.10.1.2).  Check that the host is reachable and accepts connections using the cephadm SSH key

Things users can do:

> 1. Ensure that it is possible to connect to the host via ssh::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure cephadm has an SSH identity key::
```

      
     [root@mon1~]# cephadm shell -- ceph config-key get mgr/cephadm/ssh_identity_key > key
     INFO:cephadm:Inferring fsid f8edc08a-7f17-11ea-8707-000c2915dd98
     INFO:cephadm:Using recent ceph image docker.io/ceph/ceph:v15 obtained 'mgr/cephadm/ssh_identity_key'
     [root@mon1 ~] # chmod 0600 key

 If this fails, cephadm doesn't have a key. Fix this by running the following command::
   
     [root@mon1 ~]# cephadm shell -- ceph cephadm generate-ssh-key

 or::
   
     [root@mon1 ~]# cat key | cephadm shell -- ceph cephadm set-ssk-key -i -

2. Ensure that the ssh config is correct::
   
     [root@mon1 ~]# cephadm shell -- ceph cephadm get-ssh-config > config

3. Verify that we can connect to the host::
    
     [root@mon1 ~]# ssh -F config -i key root@mon1

> 4. There is a limitation right now (as of April 2020): the ssh user is root. This is hardcoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. There is a limitation right now: the ssh user is always `root`.
```

  orchestrator._interface.OrchestratorError: Failed to connect to 10.10.1.2 (10.10.1.2).  Check that the host is reachable and accepts connections using the cephadm SSH key

Things users can do:

1. Ensure that it is possible to connect to the host via ssh::
      
     [root@mon1~]# cephadm shell -- ceph config-key get mgr/cephadm/ssh_identity_key > key
     INFO:cephadm:Inferring fsid f8edc08a-7f17-11ea-8707-000c2915dd98
     INFO:cephadm:Using recent ceph image docker.io/ceph/ceph:v15 obtained 'mgr/cephadm/ssh_identity_key'
     [root@mon1 ~] # chmod 0600 key

 If this fails, cephadm doesn't have a key. Fix this by running the following command::
   
     [root@mon1 ~]# cephadm shell -- ceph cephadm generate-ssh-key

 or::
   
     [root@mon1 ~]# cat key | cephadm shell -- ceph cephadm set-ssk-key -i -

2. Ensure that the ssh config is correct::
   
     [root@mon1 ~]# cephadm shell -- ceph cephadm get-ssh-config > config

3. Verify that we can connect to the host::
    
     [root@mon1 ~]# ssh -F config -i key root@mon1i

>      ssh: connect to host mon1 port 22: Connection timed out

Reviewer: In this case, `ssh: connect to host mon1 port 22: Connection timed out` was an error message by a user. Hopefully, users now get a root shell on mon1.

Author: I've removed this line.
